Update React to version 19 (#3489)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/migration-guides/migrate-from-0-19-to-0-20.md

---
title: Migration from 0.19.X to 0.20.X
---

To install Wasp 0.20.0 on Linux / OSX / WSL (Windows), open your terminal and run:
```sh
curl -sSL https://get.wasp.sh/installer.sh | sh

> ```

Author: This is something new I've added because I think it's useful.

Reviewer: Should we specify the 0.20.0 version argument?

## What's new in 0.20.0?

### Wasp now uses React 19

Wasp now uses the latest version of React, bringing many new improvements and features. From the React team:
> The improvements added to React 19 require some breaking changes, but we’ve worked to make the upgrade as smooth as possible, and we don’t expect the changes to impact most apps.

## How to migrate?

To migrate your Wasp app from 0.19.X to 0.20.X, follow these steps:

### 1. Bump the Wasp version

Update the version field in your Wasp file to `^0.20.0`:

```wasp title="main.wasp"
app MyApp {
  wasp: {
    // highlight-next-line
    version: "^0.20.0"
  },
}
```

### 2. Update `package.json` dependencies to versions compatible with React 19

> Change some dependency versions in your `package.json` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bump the version numbers for the React dependencies in your `package.json` file:
```

```json title="package.json"
{
  // ...
  "dependencies": {
    // ...
    // highlight-next-line
    "react": "^19.2.1",
    // highlight-next-line
    "react-dom": "^19.2.1",
  }
  "devDependencies": {
    // ...
    // highlight-next-line

>     "@types/react": "^19.2.7",

Reviewer: I don't have enough info to settle on something. I think we should add the guidance here, it's very possible that our users have it, and if they don't have the versions in sync that will cause problems. We can leave for later the part of checking that in the compiler.

>     "@types/react": "^19.2.7",

Author: Hm, if we're adding it to the migration guide, we should also add it to both the validation and the starter templates. Any particular reason for not doing that now, or just time considerations?

>     "@types/react": "^19.2.7",

Reviewer: > Any particular reason for not doing that now, or just time considerations?

Thought you were going to refuse the increased scope 😁 but you did it so perfect 😊

  }
}
```

> To complate the dependency updates, run the following commands in your terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To complete the dependency updates, run the following commands in your terminal:
```
